[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> How was the concept
of Atlantis formed?
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In this episode, we will explore
the beginning of Atlantis.
When I was born in the
colony of Atlantis,
I remember everything
that we could possibly
know about Atlantis, about
our mother civilization,
through the stories of my
grandfather in that life.
My grandfather used to tell all
the stories about our families.
And one of the most important
stories that they had
was that we all came from the
breathing of the universe.
The breathing of the universe
was called ham, het, hum.
And what we called the
universe at that time
was the consciousness of
every dimension creating us.
So we were the
sons and daughters
of the breath of the universe.
And after the breath, nine tears
were dropped in the universe
that we called the
nine dimensions.
And from the sixth dimension,
and then the third dimension,
four statements came to this
planet for the first time.
And the story said, the
first ones in arriving
were the Nemnir then the
Soffhir, then the Alithir,
and then the Aessir.
And the Aessir had sons
and daughters with humans.
And that created us, the Sem,
the people from Atlantis.
The Atlantean
people were what we
used to call Khef or Khefian.
They were the sons
of the first mixed
between those people coming
from the stars and those people
from Earth.
Humans and the Aessir--
that you may know
like Annunaki--
were the first
ones to be engaged
and to make a civilization.
So the first humans created,
as we know them today,
were sons and daughters of
them in the Middle East.
All the creation of Atlantis
was around 16,000 BC.
In between 4,000 to 5,000
years before Atlantis
began as a
civilization, the Aessir
were testing to see if
their DNA from the stars
was able to be readapt
in this planet.
The giant Aessir were
from outside this planet.
And the only way you can accept
the energy of this planet
is by being born here.
That's why the Aessir and
Nemnir and other cultures that
came from the stars, it was so
difficult for them to survive
here because everything changed
really fast in this planet--
weather, geography, everything.
Everything is
adapting everyday--
viruses, bacteria.
So that's why they
couldn't stand
the constant transformation
of this planet.
And that's why most of them had
these meetings in which they
said, if we don't transcend
ourselves through our kids,
then we will just be myths.
And we will die.
So that's why the Aessir
split in two groups--
the ones willing to control
humanity and the ones
willing to live
through humanity.
There were many parts of this
Aessir that have this child.
And they were treating
them in different ways.
There were some
Aessir that treat
the humans like their own
kids-- like sons and daughters.
So they were family for them.
And they understood
the importance
of transcend their DNA, their
culture through the culture
and the DNA of humans.
So that's why they were
protecting them and treating
them like their family.
But there were other
ones that thought
about humans like slaves to
harvest energy and harvest
mineral.
As we need salt here to survive
in our bodies, some minerals
in our blood, they needed
gold and some other minerals
to survive in their planets.
So because their
planets were dying,
they were trying to
reach other places.
And that's why the
Confederation guided them here,
because their DNA was able
to match with the humans.
So that's why they came here.
But they use humans to find
this gold for them to survive.
So what they needed is to
put this powder of gold
and breathe this powder of
gold, put it in the skin,
and that would made
them all the minerals
necessary to survive
in this planet,
to have more light from the sun.
But there were
other civilizations
that were looking for us
long before Aessir came here.
And those were their Arcturians.
Arcturian people
were the ones working
with those Aessir that treat the
humans like sons and daughters.
So what they did was to propose
to those Aessir to protect,
like a father, the most
important sons and daughters
from their creations.
And they promised them that if
they would take care of them
and they would transform
their DNA into the blue ones,
instead of the Aessir,
what would happen
was that they would
transcend into the light.
And they will be
eternal forever.
So that's why some Aessir
and some Arcturians
did a trade in
which they decided
to choose some of these
kids that they had created
and take it very far away
from where other Aessir could
find them.
These kids were
prepared to be the sons
and daughters of the stars.
So that's why, in order
to bring the information
from other levels
of consciousness,
they needed to
have in their blood
these levels of consciousness.
And the planet has 12 doors--
12 doors to 12
constellations, 12 doors
and portals through the stars
that open the information
from every constellation.
So that's why they
choose 12 kids--
girls and boys-- to be the basin
to put all this information
in their water, in their blood.
These 12 first kids were
called the 12 families.
As we call it in Khem,
they were the Dasnai.
Dasnai means the great
families, the big families.
And those families were brought
through the Indian Ocean
and the Mediterranean
Ocean to the Atlantic Ocean
so they could seed their new
kids their new information very
far away from the Aessir
that treat them like slaves.
So these 12 kids would be
taught to be gods on Earth.
The father of civilization
for Atlanteans were Thalan.
Thalan was what the
Greek called Poseidon.
Thalan was this Aessir with
all these other Aessirs
that before they had
this idea of creating
what after was Atlantis, they
would spread their regions
in the Middle East.
Middle East, as I said,
was the main portal
of the planet at the time.
So all the information
and all the energy
flowed better in that region.
So they would be
connected to the stars,
even if they were
living here on Earth.
So the main region where
all these beings were living
was all the region of
Anatolia, Iran, part of Africa,
and part of Asia.
It was a long period of time
in which the Aessir where
trying to decide what
to do with his world
and what was their purpose here.
As I said, they
knew that they were
going to die eventually
because they were not
able to live in this planet.
So they were trying, in one
way, to take as many resources
possible from this
world, and the other ones
to survive through
the reproduction
and through the
living with the humans
and transcending
through history.
Thalan was the one in
charge of the islands
in the Indian Ocean and the
southern regions of Arabia
and the Persian Gulf.
This portal, the most
important portal,
was where today is the Oman
Peninsula, Musandam, that we
call the Portal of Ahura Mazda.
This portal was in charge
of Poseidon-- of Thalan.
So all the information
from the sun and the moon
would come to their lands.
This main spot was connected
to the main portal of the sun.
So all the information
from the spiritual world
would be downloaded through
the Musandam Peninsula
and reach the whole Eden Garden
in the Persian Gulf and Iran
and all the mountains
till Anatolia.
So all this power was
brought from the sun.
But that way it could be
downloaded and understood here
on Earth was through
the energy of the moon.
In ancient times, in
Khem and Atlantis,
we call the moon in-ku.
In-ku meant the protector,
the one that protected Earth.
And in-ku was this feminine,
masculine aspect of reality.
And we knew that the moon was
moving the energy of the water.
So we knew it was
connected to the water.
That is why Thalan
was the one in charge
to decode the information
coming from the moon
here on this planet
through the water.
And that is why we related
him with the project
of giving water the
information from the stars.
And that is why their
sons and daughters
were the ones able to adapt
that information from the stars,
from the light of the
moon, from the waters
into their own blood.
When he realized that his own
information and the information
of the divine in
the Middle East was
kept in the blood
of his own children,
the other Aessir around were
willing to conquer and to have
that information from them.
And that is why he decided
to protect his own child.
And he became the
protector of the seas,
what we call the Thalan.
So Thalan became the
protector of the new humanity
because he took care of his
own children in faraway islands
where other Aessir
couldn't find them,
so the information of
the moon and the sun
could be here on the blood and
the cells of their own childs.
Thalan was not a god, but
they treat him like that.
Because for them,
Thalan was the one
that brought them
through the seas
to be protected from the
Giants around the planet.
So that's why he was the father
of the mother civilization.
The 12 families, at
first, had to learn
about how to live on the Earth.
They were meant to understand
the ways of this planet.
And they were prohibited
to go out the islands.
As some Aessir prohibited
the first humans
to go out from the Middle East--
like we know the Eden Garden--
these other families,
they were prohibited
to go out from the islands.
Because the project
of humans, we
were meant to
bring consciousness
around the planet.
So while the Arcturians
and other beings
were thinking about
these families,
where we have to prepare
them to understand
how to find the power within.
So when they go outside
they don't build an empire,
they just built a network.
As the Mu people
were trying to bring
this idea of a network in
this beehive along the Pacific
Ocean, the idea
of Atlantis people
was to create this
network of humans
around the planet that
for the first time
would create a civilization
bonded to the planet.
And from there, they could go
to the 12 phases of the Earth,
of the planet and to
download information
from every constellation--
but from the self, the being,
and not one against other.
So the idea of Atlantis at the
first time was to create, then,
a civilization capable to
be adapted to this planet,
to be part of this planet
for the first time,
and to survive in this planet.
And while doing
this, the next step
was to see if their culture
and civilization were
able to resonate with
the heart of the planet
so the whole network
of the galaxy
would be harmonious with
this planet in awakening.
The moment when the
Arcturian people came
and, in the voice of
the Confederation,
they decided that
humans were able already
to create the first civilization
according to the idea of
put this planet in balance
with the Confederation,
the process of the
Aessir was finished.
They understood that
it was just a step
in our process of evolution.
In our history when we
listen about the Annunaki
and the Aessir,
what we have in mind
is that they came here to
create the human experiment.
And that they where our
fathers and mothers.
And that they were the
first ones on creating us.
But the truth is, not
even them knew that they
were part of the experiment.
This is something that
we need to understand
to know why they
had to disappear
and why they were sent
to the underground.
Because at the
moment when humans
were able to survive to
all the bacteria, virus,
and environment of
this planet and they
were ready to hold information
from the stars in this planet,
so Arcturians and other
beings from the Confederation
just said, OK, it's
time for them to leave.
And it was in that moment,
when the Aessir-- the
Annunaki-- realized
that they were also
a step in the project.
The human experiment was
not their experiment.
It was a big experiment
that spiritual beings
in the sixth dimension
created so they
could experience every
emotion and every potential
in just one planet.
So it was just ourselves
in the sixth dimension
creating the Confederation
so we could find the Aessir--
the Annunaki-- to find a
planet, to seed the seed
so we can create humans
so we could be born.
So the human experiment
is not an Annunaki thing.
They were part of
the experiment.
So in the big
project, they decided
that Aessir had ended their
part, their step of evolution.
The Arcturians tried to
talk to those Aessir that
had a little bit of
consciousness to teach them--
we know that you have
the power to understand,
the consciousness to
understand that you
have to leave now the
planet because now it's
beginning another process.
And those are the ones
that gave the information--
a heritage to humans,
the tree of life,
the information of
DNA, the information
of the snake, what to
do when they were not
here, how to become powerful.
And there were the other ones
in the Middle East saying,
we are not going to give
up with this information.
Humans should not
know about this.
And both of them were right.
Because the ones giving
the information to humans,
they knew that
through blood they
will awake the wisdom to
understand how the world works.
But the problem was
that we were hominids.
We were Homo sapiens.
We had no idea where we were.
So all this knowledge
was so powerful for us
in such a tiny time of time
that we couldn't handle it.
So that's why we needed
to be prepared in islands
and to be protected
until we could understand
all this information.
So the ones keeping the
information from humans
were the ones saying,
they are not ready.
They don't know how to
handle this information.
So that was their
defend on why not
to give them the
information of what they
were, the project of humanity.
So they kept that
information for them.
And that's why they were
sent to the underground.
They were hunting them.
And there was a war in between
the beings from the sky
and the Giants on Earth
that were held in part
of Middle East and India.
And these beings were
called in the ancient texts
demons and angels fighting
a big war on the planet.
But there were not many.
There were just hundreds
of people from the Aessir.
There were not thousands.
So they were trying to use
humans to fight for them.
But when humans realized
that we were working
for them, what happened
was the biggest strike
in the history of humanity
when they just decided
not to work anymore for them.
So the Confederation
came to this planet,
and they started to change
the vibration of the planet.
The main technology
that they used to have
wasn't the light and energy.
It was the vibration.
The vibration, the
music, the sounds
were the tools that
these civilizations
had to transform realities.
So that's why the magnetical
reality of every matter--
like the magnetic
field of our planet--
is easy to change
through vibration.
When the planet starts
to vibrate different,
or the sun starts to
vibrate different,
the waves of time and
space switch a little bit
the magnetical
realities of our worlds.
And that starts to move the
magnetical north pole and south
pole towards different regions.
And this is very low and
very slow in history.
This is something natural
that happens in thousands
or millions of years.
But sometimes,
usually, when they
have to make a very quick change
in some world, what they do
is to send a very
high wave of vibration
that changed the way
that everything which
is magnetical--
the weather mostly--
in the planet changed.
So the change of
weather in 16,000 BC,
it was forced by them so we
could clear the planet of all
these beings that
were not able to adapt
to this change of weather.
The cold that
Nemnir were used to,
the Hyperborea civilization
were used to that cold.
But the Aessir wasn't.
They were able to
live in Middle East,
in some regions of
the Mediterranean Sea,
in India and Pakistan.
All that region was
part of their empire.
But what really happened
to them when the cold came,
it was that they couldn't
stand to live in the surface.
Weather forced the
Aessir to go underground.
That's how we also knew that
humans were able to adapt.
Because the change was so
fast that many creatures--
animals, plants, and
also the Aessir--
they couldn't stand the cold.
Of course, the process of
cooling the planet was longer.
But the first stage
was the one that
led the Confederation
know that humans
were the only ones
with consciousness
able to survive in this planet
even if the weather changes.
And that allowed
the Mu civilization
to grow, and the
Atlantean ones to begin
with their process of society.
The Aessir that
hadn't died, they
were sent to live
in the underground.
And that's why a lot of
humans in history of humanity
in every place, they would
say that the Giants went
to live underground.
And the Giants would only
talk through the doors
of volcanoes and caves.
In ancient times, we
knew that the world
was divided in three--
the one in heaven, the one in
the surface, and the one below.
The one below was what
the ancient Greeks
called the Averno, and
we know today as hell.
But this place was not
related to demons, was not
related to bad things.
It was related to their
underground cities,
the underground realm
of all the beings
that were here from many,
many thousands of years.
That they carved these tunnels
connecting the whole planet,
so they could survive even if
the weather would change around
the planet.
This allowed them to survive
through thousands and millions
of years.
And they had built these
structures and cities
in the underground that are
not only in just one spot.
They go below every main spot
of the planet, every main portal
of the planet.
And they carved these
lines and these tunnels
to connect all this network
that some people call now
the Agartha.
These structures in the
underground, for us,
were the places where the
energy of the planet was kept,
the information of
the planet was kept.
And for us, it was not
the place to have fear of.
It was a place where
all the registry
of the heavens and
the surface used
to go when their time was over.
This network is around
every continent,
and also under some seas.
And they were, in
some point, used
by some humans in the past.
But usually, the Aessir,
Nemnir, and Soffhir,
were the ones who
used these tunnels.
The first ones on going
there were the Soffhir.
They had to rebuild
their own civilizations
in the underground.
And they were guided by all
these other new civilizations
coming from the stars to
create this idea of keeping
the wisdom of our planet
within the planet.
These underground cities were
also in the fifth dimension.
So they were able to
communicate with other planets
in the Confederation using
the electromagnetic fields
of the planet.
So one of the things that
happened in the Confederation
was that we wouldn't
allow humans
to go to some planets
that were very subtle.
And humans could kill them
just by laughing, or loving,
or being mad, as we are here--
too many emotions.
So that's why they
cut the communication
with other planets through
the network below Earth,
so humans wouldn't travel
through time and space.
This idea of those people who
once controlled the planet
living in the underground
was the concept
that created this
idea in humanity
that the devil, the demons,
the Giants, the monsters
were living in hell
in underground.
And that created
this idea that we
have to fear what's
happening in the underground.
And because most of the
Aessir that went to a jail
inside the Earth, as I
remember the stories,
they used to scream
and shout and be
mad about now humans taking
the control of the Earth.
And they're losing it it.
So that's why, for
us, it was prohibited
to go to the underground
for a long time
because we were scared that
they could come out again.
At the moment when the
Aessir leave the surface
and go to the underground,
for the first time
humans were alone.
But there were three
types of humans--
the one that were very
ancient, the ones that
were modified and were
walking around the planet
and established settlements
for agriculture,
and those in the islands
that had an idea that they
were created by gods.
But they felt that they
were abandoned by some
of their fathers and mothers.
It was like losing
their gods and loosing
their guidance of how to
survive in this planet.
But the main thing that
the Aessir gave to humans
was agriculture.
So they stopped being nomads to
create the first settlements.
Tribes start to appear because
they needed our organization
and leadership to
guide the people.
That was a good
thing for humanity
because we, for the
first time, realized
that we were the ones
with the power of Earth.
And nobody but us could teach
us or to tell us what to do.
We had agriculture to
take care of ourselves.
And we had also the idea of
the equinox and solstice.
And we begin the
civilization again
from that, beginning from
the tools that they gave us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will explore
who the 12 families
of Atlantis were.
[MUSIC PLAYING]